Release v0.2.0 (July 17, 2018)
++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

Second release of the eGo application.

New features have been included in this release. Major changes being the new
class structure and separation of methods into the given file structure.
Moreover the use of the Dataprocessing version ``'v0.4.1' ``and ``'v0.4.2'`` is
integrate. For eGo and the integration and interaction the app will depend on a
data version ``>= 'v0.4.1'`` in order to ensure the correct data handling.
Furthermore the inclusion of new methods and classes for eDisGo, storages etc.
is done.

Please note, that this release is still under construction and not ready
for a normal use.

Added features
--------------

* Cleaned and restructured eGo classes and functions
  - Moved classes of eGo from results.py to io.py
  - Move serveral function
  
* Introduce new files for edisgo handling
  - edisgo_integration.py
  - mv_cluster.py

* Introduce new file storages.py  for eTraGo
* Updated eTraGo 0.6 and integrated eTraGo's new functions and features to eGo
* Updated eDisGo 0.0.3 version which includes the features of a parallelization
  for custom function and other important API changes.
* Started to implemented pep8 style to eGo Code
* Implemented logging function for the whole model
* Using the Restfull-API for the OpenEnergy Database connection, buy using
  ego.io v0.4.2. A registration is needed and can be done on
  `openenergy-platform.org/login <http://openenergy-platform.org/login/>`_
* Remove functionalities from ``ego_main.py`` to the eGo class
* Fixed eTraGo scenario import of ``etrago_from_oedb()``


ToDo's bis Release
------------------

* mv clustering for eDisGo / Ding0 grids
* cost manipulation / skalling of global costs
* all costs "over night" grid/storages (annuisiert)
* Plot der Gesamt investkosten
* operational costs edisgo ?   | pro Ebene
* operational costs eTragGo    | pro Ebene


Notes
-----
* As an external user you need to have and account on the
  `openenergy-platform.org/login <http://openenergy-platform.org/login/>`_
* Total operational costs are missing in this release
